Docs: Perform some updates (#212)
managarm/managarm: docs/src/design/libasync/index.md

> This part of the handbook is Work-In-Progress.

> libasync is a core part of the Managarm operating system. libasync uses the power of coroutines introduced in C++20 to provide async operations. Managarm, being an async operating system, makes extensive use of the functionality provided by libasync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libasync is a support library for support C++20 coroutines and C++ senders/receivers. It also provides many asynchronous primitives (e.g., asynchronous events, queues, mutexes). Managarm, being an asynchronous operating system, makes extensive use of the functionality provided by libasync.
```
